feat: add `optional` property to `coder_external_auth` (#185)
coder/terraform-provider-coder: docs/data-sources/external_auth.md

- `id` (String) The ID of a configured external auth provider set up in your Coder deployment.

### Optional

> - `optional` (Boolean) Connecting to the external auth provider is not required, and can be skipped by users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `optional` (Boolean) Authenticating with the external auth provider is not required, and can be skipped by users when creating or updating workspaces.
```
Thoughts?

Author: I like it!
